README.md, before:

[![RealWorld Frontend](https://img.shields.io/badge/realworld-frontend-%23783578.svg)](http://realworld.io)
[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://standardjs.com)

# ![RealWorld Example App](./static/rwv-logo.png)

> Vue.js codebase containing real world examples (CRUD, auth, advanced patterns, etc) that adheres to the [RealWorld](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld) spec and API.

Project demo is available at https://vue-vuex-realworld.netlify.com/#/

This codebase was created to demonstrate a fully fledged fullstack application built with **Vue.js** including CRUD operations, authentication, routing, pagination, and more.

We've gone to great lengths to adhere to the **Vue.js** community styleguides & best practices.

For more information on how to this works with other frontends/backends, head over to the [RealWorld](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld) repo.

## Getting started

Before contributing please read the following:

1. [RealWorld guidelines](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld/tree/master/spec) for implementing a new framework,
2. [RealWorld frontend instructions](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld-starter-kit/blob/master/FRONTEND_INSTRUCTIONS.md)
3. [Realworld API endpoints](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld/tree/master/api)
4. [Vue.js styleguide](https://vuejs.org/v2/style-guide/index.html). Priority A and B categories must be respected.

The stack is built using [vue-cli webpack](https://github.com/vuejs-templates/webpack) so to get started all you have to do is:

``` bash
# install dependencies
> yarn install
# serve with hot reload at localhost:8080
> yarn serve
```

Other commands available are:

``` bash
# build for production with minification
yarn run build

# run unit tests
yarn run test:unit
```

# To know

Current arbitrary choices are:

- Vuex modules for store
- Vue-axios for ajax requests
- 'rwv' as prefix for components

These can be changed when the contributors reach a consensus.

# Connect

Join us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/NE2jNmg)

Commit message:

docs: create faq, update formatting (#137)
change readme to use subheadings and add a FAQ area which handles service worker for now (fixes #112)

README.md, after:

[![RealWorld Frontend](https://img.shields.io/badge/realworld-frontend-%23783578.svg)](http://realworld.io)
[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://standardjs.com)

# ![RealWorld Example App](./static/rwv-logo.png)

> Vue.js codebase containing real world examples (CRUD, auth, advanced patterns, etc) that adheres to the [RealWorld](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld) spec and API.

Project demo is available at https://vue-vuex-realworld.netlify.com/#/

This codebase was created to demonstrate a fully fledged fullstack application built with **Vue.js** including CRUD operations, authentication, routing, pagination, and more.

We've gone to great lengths to adhere to the **Vue.js** community styleguides & best practices.

For more information on how to this works with other frontends/backends, head over to the [RealWorld](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld) repo.

## Getting started

Before contributing please read the following:

1. [RealWorld guidelines](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld/tree/master/spec) for implementing a new framework,
2. [RealWorld frontend instructions](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld-starter-kit/blob/master/FRONTEND_INSTRUCTIONS.md)
3. [Realworld API endpoints](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld/tree/master/api)
4. [Vue.js styleguide](https://vuejs.org/v2/style-guide/index.html). Priority A and B categories must be respected.

The stack is built using [vue-cli webpack](https://github.com/vuejs-templates/webpack) so to get started all you have to do is:

``` bash
# install dependencies
> yarn install
# serve with hot reload at localhost:8080
> yarn serve
```

Other commands available are:

``` bash
# build for production with minification
yarn run build

# run unit tests
yarn run test:unit
```

## To know

Current arbitrary choices are:

- Vuex modules for store
- Vue-axios for ajax requests
- 'rwv' as prefix for components

These can be changed when the contributors reach a consensus.

## FAQ

<p><details>
  <summary><b>Where can I find the service worker file?</b></summary>

  The service worker file is generated automatically. The implementation can be found under [`src/registerServiceWorker.js`](https://github.com/gothinkster/vue-realworld-example-app/blob/eeaeb34fa440d00cd400545301ea203bd2a59284/src/registerServiceWorker.js). You can find the dependencies implementation in this repo: [yyx990803/register-service-worker](https://github.com/yyx990803/register-service-worker#readme).

  Also, Google provided a good documentation on how to register a service worker: https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/primers/service-workers/registration
</details></p>

## Connect

Join us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/NE2jNmg)
